=head1 NAME

httpbench - Simple HTTP bencharking tool

=head1 SYNOPSIS

httpbench -u <url> -d sec -d concurrent -r rps [-t ms] [-e expected] 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

HTTP Bench is a small program for Linux, UNIX and a like written in C which can be used to benchmark HTTP servers. For more infos please consult the project website.

=head2 Arguments

=head3 Mandatory 

=over 12

=item C<-u urllistfile>

Path to a text file containing a list of all HTTP-URLs to request during a benchmark. 

=item C<-d seconds>

Duration of the benchmark in seconds. E.g. 300 for a five minutes benchmark.

=item C<-c concurrent>

Number of cuncurrent threads used by the benchmark. 

=item C<-r rps>

Requests per second wanted for the benchmark. 

=back

=head3 Optional

=over 12

=item C<-t timeoutms>

Timeout in milliseconds for each request. This timeout will actually not interrupt any requests. It's there just for statistical reasons. E.g. how many requests take longer than x milliseconds?

=item C<-d seconds>

Duration of the benchmark in seconds. E.g. 300 for a five minutes benchmark.

=item C<-e expectedresponsestr>

The expected response of a request. E.g. all requests should contain HTML in its reponse. All responses not matching are counted and reported.

=back

=head2 EXAMPLES

=over 12

=item C<httpbench -u mylist.txt -d 60 -c 10 -r 1000>

Iterates over each url in mylist.txt with 10 cuncurrent threads for 60 seconds and tries to reach 1000 requests per second. Each curl failure will be reported at the end of the test (total count and total %).

=item C<httpbench -u mylist.txt -d 300 -c 1000 -r 10000 -t 20 -e "Hello World">

Iterates over each url in mylist.txt with 1000 cuncurrent threads for 5 minutes and tries to reach 10000 requests per second. Each request which takes longer than 20 milliseconds will be reported at the end of the test (total count and total %) and each request which does not contain "Hello World" in its response string will also be reported (total count and total %). The curl errors will also be reported.

=back


=head1 LICENSE

<<<<<<< HEAD
See package description or project website.
=======
See package description.
>>>>>>> d41022d98cba06a6d8ddf7289c103aaf7c9ca71f

=head1 AUTHOR

Paul Buetow - L<http://httpbench.buetow.org>

=cut
